# 1.16 Nether Update

## Stats Check

- [x] General
- [x] Items
- [x] Mobs

## Farms Check

### Iron Farms

This farm was build back in 1.13 and of course does not work in 1.14+.

### Kelp Farm

Works.

### Slime Farm

Works.

### AFK Pumpkin/Melon Farms

Works

### AFK Sugar Cane Farm

Shulker loader broke due to redstone wire powering changes.
~~Easy fix: replace a solid block with glass so that it cannot be powered.~~
There're no easy fixes.

### Witch Hut

Works.

### Guardian Farm/Ocean Monument

Breaks a little bit.

Some guardians stay in the lava for longer than they should do, thus killing themselves prematurely.

### Cave Spider Spawner

Works.

### Ice Farm (Big, New)

It's broken!
The new redstone powering mechanics affected my comparator delay circuit!

The good thing about this update: The slime block pushers no longer damage me.

TODO:

- Remove the speed beacons as with them, I cannot mine all the ice blocks
- Adds 2 blocks to the comparator delay circuits to solve the 1.16 problem

### Wool Farm (beneath the Ice Farm)

Only test the finished parts.

TODO:

### Small Flower Farm

Works.

### Nether Gold Farm

Does not work.
But should work once I replace the spawning platforms with Magma Blocks.

### Nether Fortress/Wither Skeleton Farm

Seems to work properly.

Differences from 1.15:

- Attacking the zombie pigmen now angers them (even without eye contact)
    - Previously they don't get angered without eye contact
    - Fortunately the blazes don't get angered
- Zombie pigmen may now spawn riding the new strider mob
    - They seem to get angered by me attacking other zombie pigmen
    - Luckily they can't dismount from the Striders, thus they can't reach me (standing on the lands)

### Endermen Farm

Works.
